Now that we've got this project loaded up let's discuss what we want to test about it.
It's on the left hand side you'll see there is a search input right here.
Once again if we type inside there and then just wait a second we'll see a list of movies up here.
So what we want to test is this little search widget we're going to write some number of tests to make
sure that the widget starts out closed.
And then after we type something in it should open up and show a list of results to the user.
That's the functionality we're going to focus on testing.
We're not going to worry about trying to test using both inputs or doing a comparison or anything like
that.
We're just going to focus on that little input it might be curious why is that why are we going to focus
so much on just that thing.
Well remember what I told you just a moment ago very frequently when people set up testing stuff they
spend more time setting up a testing framework than they do actually writing tests.
And so as we start to set up MOCA to work with this project we're going to see that it really is a big
pain.
It's like a configuration nightmare.
There's going to be several different files that we're going to have to create.
We're going to have a bunch of links between them.
There's Give me a lot of special code just to make things work.
And just in general it's going to be confusing as we start to set up Moka to test this widget.
They might be curious why is that.
We just spent like 30 seconds to use Moka on our last project we installed it with NPM at our terminal
and executed it.
That entire process took like 30 seconds and there was really no challenge whatsoever.
Well the reason that it's going to take a lot of time to set up Moka here is the difference in environment
when we ran MOCA.
Just a moment ago at our terminal and we ran to smoke directly like so we were executing Moka from the
command line.
When we execute Moka from the command line it runs our test files and the node J.S. environments testing
no J.S. code is really easy and really straightforward but testing code in the browser.
That's the difference.
We're testing a widget right here that has to be used inside of a browser.
And doing that with MOCA is much more challenging.
There's a lot more setup involved.
Now you might be kind of curious why do we have to test this in the browser.
Well it's really simple.
Let's go find the file that implements this little widget right here.
I'm gonna go back over it's my code.
Ed inside of this new movie's testing directory that we just created where we have all these new project
files I'm going to find the autocomplete J.S. file so this right here is the function that creates an
auto complete widget.
I want you to scroll around this thing a little bit inside of here.
You're going to see a reference to a lot of properties like inner HDMI HDL query selector class list
create element add event listener append child and so on.
Every single one of these properties are properties that only exist inside the browser.
If you start up no J.S. Right now there is no interpretation of the Dom in there.
There is no Dom with no J.S. so all everything about this autocomplete is setup to function inside the
browser and that's it.
So if we want to test this thing effectively we have to get Moka to work in the browser and that's what
this setup pane is.
That's what I'm talking about right here and just so you know there are some solutions out there and
we are going to take a look at one in just a little bit.
They'll allows us to run this kind of browser based code with node so there is technically a workaround.
I just want you to know that like not all hope is lost.
Nonetheless we're going to walk through the process of getting MOCA to work inside the browser because
it is a great learning experience and you're going to see that there are many many companies out there
that test code in the way that I'm about to show you.
So it is an important skill to know even though there technically is easier setups out there okay.
So with all that out of the way let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back the next video we're going to discuss how we're going to get MOCA to work inside of
our browser and then ultimately test that little widget right there.